Credits:

Sonic 2 Disassembly contributors
- for pointing out bugs by leaving comments in the code itself

FraGag
- Demo playback button behaviour fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_demo_playback
- Nemesis decompression race condition fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_a_race_condition_with_Pattern_Load_Cues

MoDule
- Super Sonic bugs
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_bugs_relating_to_Super_Sonic
- Roll-jump collision height fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Use_correct_height_when_roll_jumping
- Jump height when exiting water fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_jump_height_bug_when_exiting_water
- Camera height when playing as Tails fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_camera_y_position_for_Tails
- ARZ boss arrow behaviour fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_bug_in_ARZ_Boss_arrow%27s_platform_behavior
- ARZ boss walking on air glitch
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_ARZ_Boss_Walking_on_Air_Glitch
- OOZ launcher speed up fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_the_OOZ_launcher_speed_up_glitch
- AI Tails forced-roll mode fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=694404
- CNZ 2P background deformation fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=703578
- Falling into water after being hurt fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Collide_with_water_after_being_hurt

flamewing
- Spin Dash camera boundary bug
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_screen_boundary_spindash_bug
- HTZ background scrolling fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Hill_Top%27s_background_scrolling_mountains
- Final Boss collision fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_DEZ_Eggrobo_boss_collision_glitch
- EHZ spiral and MTZ cylinder AI Tails fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=700647
- Screenwrap fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=702403
- Silver Sonic & ARZ boss fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=757178
- Level wrap fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=763336
- Fix object collision from below
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=834639
- OOZ and MTZ boss fixes
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=841541

redhotsonic
- Drowning bugs
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Correct_Drowning_Bugs_in_Sonic_2
- Tails' tails errors
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Tails_subanimation_error
- Bug with Tails' speed when he respawns
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Tails%27_respawn_speeds
- Accidental deletion of scattered rings
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Accidental_Deletion_of_Scattered_Rings
- Ring expiration timers fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Ring_Timers
- Rexon crash fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Rexon_crash
- Monitor collision issues
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_monitor_collision_bug
- CPZ boss behaviour fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Correct_CPZ_boss_attack_behavior
- ARZ boss pillar behaviour fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_bug_in_ARZ_Boss_arrow%27s_platform_behavior
- ARZ boss laughing fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_ARZ_boss_sprite_behavior
- CNZ boss bugs
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_multiple_CNZ_boss_bugs
- Ducking fix for Tails
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=693167
- CPZ pipes while hurt bug
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=694373
- MTZ wall springs roll-jumping fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=709116
- MCZ vines roll-jump fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=718185
- Fix for ARZ boss
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=758833

qiuu
- EHZ scrolling fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_the_EHZ_Deformation_bug

Esrael
- Boss destruction fix
http://info.sonicretro.org/SCHG_How-to:Fix_Boss_Deconstruction_Behavior

Clownacy
- Debug mode bridge fix (really Mercury)
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=831283
- ClearRAM corrections
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=833515
- Duplicate WFZ PLCs
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=835379
- Sprite limit fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=838380
- CNZ background workaround
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=842948
- Duplicate Sega sound fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=843101
- MCZ boss fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=847647
- MCZ boss laughing fix
- Sonic walking around during level tally fix
- Super Sonic transformation behaviour fix
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=911516
- Rings disappearing on-screen
- Rings not shaking with everything else during things like the HTZ earthquake sequences
http://forums.sonicretro.org/index.php?showtopic=29029&view=findpost&p=913011
